feat(insights): Team stats V3 docs (#4551)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/stats/index.mdx

The "Project Health" section of your team stats provides an overview of your application and shows you a summary of your projects’ Crash Free Rate, as well the User Misery of your team’s key transactions. This gives you a quick idea of which projects and key transactions might need attention from your team. In this section, you can also view how many alerts have been triggered from the metric alerts your team owns.

#### Crash Free Sessions

Crash Free Sessions table shows the percentage of sessions that didn’t cause a crash for the selected date range.

#### User Misery

> User Misery table show the transactions with the number of unique users that experienced load times 4x the project’s configured threshold.

Reviewer: Is this only for starred transactions? If so, we should probably mention that.

```suggestion
The "User Misery" table shows transactions where users experienced load times four times the project’s configured threshold, with the number of unique users for each of those transactions.
```

#### Metric Alerts Triggered

Metric Alerts Triggered chart and table shows Alert Rules that have triggered for the projects your team owns.

### Team Activity

The "Team Activity" section of your team stats shows how many issues have been reviewed, including a breakdown per project. It also reveals the mean time it took to resolve issues, as well as the number of releases that have been created in the projects that your team owns.

#### New and Returning Issues

New and Returning Issues chart and table shows the new, regressed, and unignored issues that were assigned to your team.

#### Issues Triaged

Issues Triaged chart and table shows how many new and returning issues were reviewed by your team each week. Reviewing an issue includes marking as reviewed, resolving, assigning to another team, or deleting.

#### Age of Unresolved Issues

Age of Unresolved Issues chart and table shows how long ago the oldest 7 unresolved issues were first created for the projects your team owns, sorted by their age.

#### All Unresolved Issues

> All Unresolved Issues chart and table shows new and returning issues per project in the last 7 days as well as those that haven’t been resolved or ignored in the past.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The "All Unresolved Issues" chart and table show new and returning issues per project in the last seven days, as well as those that haven’t been resolved or ignored in the past.
```

#### Time to Resolution

> Time to Resolution chart show the mean time it took for issues to be resolved by your team each week.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Time to Resolution chart shows the mean time it took for issues to be resolved by your team each week.
```

#### Number of Releases

> Number of Releases chart and table shows the releases that were created for each project in your team's projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The "Number of Releases" chart and table show the releases that were created for each of your team's projects.
```
